there I don't have people it's Bo again
tonight we're gonna talk about me kind
of not really though but a little bit
after every video now I get somebody
come on dude who are you
you know they hear my voice and they
hear what I say and there's that
contradiction between what I say and
what they expect me to say and they want
to know the story now some people
they're just curious and that's cool
other people want to kind of weigh how
much how much trust to put in what I say
so they they they want to know my
backstory and you know they're yeah
there's a story everybody's got one
and some of the things that we've talked
about I am an authority on as in like I
get paid to talk about but that's
irrelevant doesn't matter does not
matter at all you know a lot of people
trying to figure out whether or not to
trust what I say don't I don't want you
to I don't want you to that's a big
problem that that obedience to Authority
that submission to Authority this person
is an authority figure they're a trusted
source so we're gonna believe what they
say good thing it's not a good thing
you know we've all got that one friend
or maybe a family member we can't
politely delete that shares the stuff
that is obviously false on Facebook what
you put in the comment section sometimes
you know some people put that hashtag
fake news
odds are though you probably say check
your sources see if that's so that that
obedience to Authority that submission
to Authority is that so check your
sources
you're not saying you're not actually
saying the fact is wrong what you're
saying is this Authority isn't any good
go to a different
trust them to give you your information
and don't down check your facts check
your facts and then once you check your
facts run them through the filters you
know you've got the fact filter you've
got that is this piece of information
true and then you got the logic filter
that should kick in right behind it it
is just because this fact is true is
what they're trying to portray true and
then you run it through the moral and
ethical filters okay so what they're
trying to portray is true but the action
that subtle hint of an action that they
want me to take is that moral and
ethical a lot of bad things have
happened in history because people
didn't do that and that's how we wound
up in the Iraq war you know we had a
bunch of people with good resumes stand
up there and say here this is true check
our sources nobody checked the facts a
lot of people died that obedience to
Authority that submission to Authority
is deadly it can be deadly you know
there's a dude named Milgram back in the
60s I think he conducted these
experiments and what he found out short
version was that about 60% of us 6 out
of 10 people watching this video right
now would torture and electrocute
somebody because a dude and a lab coat
holding a clipboard told him to he
conducted that experiment over and over
again because the first time he did it
it's like there's no way this could be
right because when they did the
predictions they thought it would be
about 3% turned out to be 60 60 and they
did it over and over and over again and
the average in the u.s. I think was 61%
in the US and 66% outside
that's terrifying that he was trying to
figure out how the Holocaust happened
that's submission to Authority that
looking for an authority figure that
trying to figure out who to trust trust
yourself trust yourself you know that's
one of the coolest things about the
comments section of me is everyone smile
run across one of those comments this I
love every video you've done except this
one good good I like you you know why
because if I'm sitting in a chair
you're not gonna shock me you ran it
through a filter you don't like it fine
that's cool I don't want you to think
like me I want you to think for yourself
and in that regard my story and yeah
there then comments that I've made that
had probably given some of it away but
my story is not important you know my
resume is not that important it doesn't
matter does not matter because ideas
stand or fall on their own if Einstein
walked out and said hey the Sun is a
giant flashlight doesn't mean the Sun is
a giant flashlight don't trust your
sources truck you trust your facts and
trust yourself just something to think
about you know just a thought y'all have
a good night